# Language-Definition for Admin-CP Menu
admin_logout_text:              Logout
admin_login_text:               Login
admin_link_to_page:             go to hompage
admin_error_page_title:         Error

# Top-Menu
menu_general:                   General
menu_content:                   Content
menu_media:                     Media
menu_interactive:               Interactive
menu_promo:                     Promotion
menu_user:                      Users
menu_styles:                    Styles
menu_system:                    System
menu_mods:                      AddOns

# Groups
group_0:                        hidden
group_-1:                       Home
group_popup:                    Popups
group_general:                  Common
group_fseditor:                 Editor
group_stats:                    Statistics
group_news:                     News
group_articles:                 Articles
group_press:                    Press Center
group_cimg:                     Content Images
group_gallery:                  Gallery
group_gallery_img:              Gallery Images
group_gallery_wp:               Wallpapers
group_gallery_preview:          Preview Images
group_downloads:                Downloads
group_player:                   Videos
group_polls:                    Polls
group_affiliates:               Affiliates
group_shop:                     Shop
group_users:                    Users
group_styles:                   Styles
group_templates:                Templates
group_groups:                   Groups
group_applets:                  Applets
group_snippets:                 Snippets
group_aliases:                  Aliases
group_search:                   Search
group_fscodes:                  FSCodes
group_db:                       Database
group_socialmedia:              Social Media

# Startseiten
page_title_start_general:       General
page_title_start_content:       Content
page_title_start_media:         Media
page_title_start_interactive:   Interactive
page_title_start_promo:         Promotion
page_title_start_user:          Users
page_title_start_styles:        Styles
page_title_start_system:        System
page_title_start_mods:          AddOns

# Zonen
page_title_zone_config:         change configuration
page_link_zone_config:          configuration
page_title_zone_create:         create
page_link_zone_create:          create
page_title_zone_admin:          manage
page_link_zone_admin:           manage

# Allgemein
page_title_gen_config:          Page Settings
page_link_gen_config:           Settings
page_title_gen_announcement:    Announcement
page_link_gen_announcement:     Announcement
page_title_gen_captcha:         Captcha Settings
page_link_gen_captcha:          Captcha
page_title_gen_emails:          Edit Email Templates
page_link_gen_emails:           Emails
page_title_gen_phpinfo:         PHP & Server Information
page_link_gen_phpinfo:          PHP Info

# Editor
page_title_editor_config:       Edit Settings
page_link_editor_config:        Settings
page_title_editor_design:       Edit Design
page_link_editor_design:        Design
page_title_editor_smilies:      Manage Smilies
page_link_editor_smilies:       Smilies
page_title_editor_fscodes:      Edit FSCodes
page_link_editor_fscodes:       FSCodes

# Statistik
page_title_stat_view:           view
page_link_stat_view:            view
page_title_stat_edit:           edit
page_link_stat_edit:            edit
page_title_stat_ref:            Manage & view referrers
page_link_stat_ref:             Referrers
page_title_stat_ref_delete:     Delete referrers
page_link_stat_ref_delete:      delete
page_title_stat_space:          Disk Space
page_link_stat_space:           Disk Space

# News
page_title_news_config:         change configuration
page_link_news_config:          configuration
page_title_news_delete:         delete
page_link_news_delete:          delete
page_title_news_add:            write
page_link_news_add:             write
page_title_news_comments:       comments
page_link_news_comments:        comments
page_title_news_edit:           edit
page_link_news_edit:            edit
page_title_news_cat:            Manage categories
page_link_news_cat:             categories
page_title_news_comments_list:  Manage comments
page_link_news_comments_list:   comments

# Artikel
page_title_articles_config:     change configuration
page_link_articles_config:      configuration
page_title_articles_add:        write
page_link_articles_add:         write
page_title_articles_edit:       edit
page_link_articles_edit:        edit
page_title_articles_cat:        manage categories
page_link_articles_cat:         categories

# Presseberichte
page_title_press_config:        change configuration
page_link_press_config:         configuration
page_title_press_add:           add
page_link_press_add:            add
page_title_press_edit:          edit
page_link_press_edit:           edit
page_title_press_admin:         manage
page_link_press_admin:          manage

# Inhalts-Bilder
page_title_cimg_add:            add
page_link_cimg_add:             add
page_title_cimg_admin:          manage
page_link_cimg_admin:           manage
page_title_cimg_cat:            categories
page_link_cimg_cat:             categories
page_title_cimg_import:         import old images
page_link_cimg_import:          import

# Galerie > Allgemein (neu)
page_title_gallery_config:      change configuration
page_link_gallery_config:       configuration
page_title_gallery_cat:         manage categories
page_link_gallery_cat:          categories
page_title_gallery_folder:      Manage folders
page_link_gallery_folder:       Folders

page_title_gallery_img:         Manage images
page_link_gallery_img:          Images
page_title_gallery_img_add:     Add images
page_link_gallery_img_add:      add
page_title_gallery_img_edit:    Edit images
page_link_gallery_img_edit:     edit

page_title_gallery_wp:          Manage wallpapers
page_link_gallery_wp:           Wallpaper
page_title_gallery_wp_add:      Add wallpaper
page_link_gallery_wp_add:       add
page_title_gallery_wp_edit:     Edit wallpaper
page_link_gallery_wp_edit:      edit

# Galerie > Allgemein (alt)
page_title_gallery_config:      change configuration
page_link_gallery_config:       configuration
page_title_gallery_cat:         manage categories
page_link_gallery_cat:          categories
page_title_gallery_newcat:      Create new category
page_link_gallery_newcat:       New category

# Galerie > Bilder (alt)
page_title_screens_add:         Add images
page_link_screens_add:          add
page_title_screens_edit:        Edit images
page_link_screens_edit:         edit

# Galerie > Wallpaper (alt)
page_title_wp_add:              Add wallpapers
page_link_wp_add:               add
page_title_wp_edit:             Edit wallpapers
page_link_wp_edit:              edit

# Galerie > Vorschaubilder (alt)
page_title_randompic_config:    change configuration
page_link_randompic_config:     configuration
page_title_randompic_cat:       select category
page_link_randompic_cat:        category selection
page_title_timedpic_add:        add
page_link_timedpic_add:         add
page_title_timedpic_edit:       verwalten
page_link_timedpic_edit:        verwalten
page_title_find_gallery_img:    Select image
page_link_find_gallery_img:     Select image

# Downloads
page_title_dl_config:           change configuration
page_link_dl_config:            configuration
page_title_dl_add:              add
page_link_dl_add:               add
page_title_dl_edit:             edit
page_link_dl_edit:              edit
page_title_dl_cat:              manage categories
page_link_dl_cat:               categories
page_title_dl_newcat:           New category
page_link_dl_newcat:            New category
page_title_dlcommentedit:       edit comments
page_link_dlcommentedit:        comments

# Videos
page_title_player_config:       change configuration
page_link_player_config:        configuration
page_title_player_add:          add
page_link_player_add:           add
page_title_player_edit:         edit
page_link_player_edit:          edit

# Umfragen
page_title_poll_config:         change configuration
page_link_poll_config:          configuration
page_title_poll_add:            add
page_link_poll_add:             add
page_title_poll_edit:           edit
page_link_poll_edit:            edit

# Partner
page_title_partner_config:      change configuration
page_link_partner_config:       configuration
page_title_partner_add:         add
page_link_partner_add:          add
page_title_partner_edit:        edit
page_link_partner_edit:         edit

# Shop
page_title_shop_add:            Add product
page_link_shop_add:             New product
page_title_shop_edit:           Product summary
page_link_shop_edit:            Summary

# User
page_title_user_config:         change configuration
page_link_user_config:          configuration
page_title_user_add:            add
page_link_user_add:             add
page_title_user_edit:           edit
page_link_user_edit:            edit
page_title_user_rights:         change permissions
page_link_user_rights:          permissions

# Gruppen
page_title_group_config:        change configuration
page_link_group_config:         configuration
page_title_group_admin:         Group administration
page_link_group_admin:          manage
page_title_group_rights:        change permissions
page_link_group_rights:         permissions

# Styles
page_title_style_add:           create
page_link_style_add:            create
page_title_style_management:    manage
page_link_style_management:     manage
page_title_style_css:           Edit CSS files
page_link_style_css:            CSS files
page_title_style_js:            Edit Java Script files
page_link_style_js:             JS files
page_title_style_nav:           Edit navigation files
page_link_style_nav:            Navigations

# Templates
page_title_tpl_main:            Edit „Main Template“
page_link_tpl_main:             Main Template
page_title_tpl_general:         Edit „General“
page_link_tpl_general:          General
page_title_tpl_viewer:          Edit „Image viewer“
page_link_tpl_viewer:           Image viewer
page_title_tpl_user:            Edit „Users“
page_link_tpl_user:             Users
page_title_tpl_articles:        Edit „Articles“
page_link_tpl_articles:         Articles
page_title_tpl_news:            Edit „News“
page_link_tpl_news:             News
page_title_tpl_search:          Edit „Search“
page_link_tpl_search:           Search
page_title_tpl_poll:            Edit „Polls“
page_link_tpl_poll:             Polls
page_title_tpl_press:           Edit „Press reports“
page_link_tpl_press:            Press reports
page_title_tpl_screens:         Edit „Screenshots“
page_link_tpl_screens:          Screenshots
page_title_tpl_wp:              Edit „Wallpapers“
page_link_tpl_wp:               Wallpapers
page_title_tpl_previewimg:      Edit „Preview Image“
page_link_tpl_previewimg:       Preview Image
page_title_tpl_dl:              Edit „Downloads“
page_link_tpl_dl:               Downloads
page_title_tpl_shop:            Edit „Shop“
page_link_tpl_shop:             Shop
page_title_tpl_affiliates:      Edit „Affiliates“
page_link_tpl_affiliates:       Affiliates
page_title_tpl_editor:          Edit „Editor“
page_link_tpl_editor:           Editor
page_title_tpl_fscodes:         Edit „FSCodes“
page_link_tpl_fscodes:          FSCodes
page_title_tpl_player:          Edit „Flash-Player“
page_link_tpl_player:           Flash-Player
page_title_tpl_topdownloads:    Edit „Top Downloads“
page_link_tpl_topdownloads:     Top Downloads
page_title_tpl_styleselect:     Edit „Style Selection“
page_link_tpl_styleselect:      Style Selection

# Applets
page_title_applets_add:         add
page_link_applets_add:          add
page_title_applets_delete:      delete
page_link_applets_delete:       delete
page_title_applets_edit:        edit
page_link_applets_edit:         edit

# Schnipsel
page_title_snippets_add:        add
page_link_snippets_add:         add
page_title_snippets_delete:     delete
page_link_snippets_delete:      delete
page_title_snippets_edit:       edit
page_link_snippets_edit:        edit

# Weiterleitungen
page_title_aliases_add:         add
page_link_aliases_add:          add
page_title_aliases_delete:      delete
page_link_aliases_delete:       delete
page_title_aliases_edit:        edit
page_link_aliases_edit:         edit

# Suche
page_title_search_config:       Settings
page_link_search_config:        Settings
page_title_search_index:        Searchindex
page_link_search_index:         Searchindex

# FSCodes
page_title_fscode_add:          Add FS-Code
page_link_fscode_add:           add
page_title_fscode_add_php:      PHP-Code
page_link_fscode_add_php:       PHP-Code
page_title_fscode_edit:         Edit FS-Code
page_link_fscode_edit:          edit
page_title_fscode_edit_php:     PHP-Code
page_link_fscode_edit_php:      PHP-Code
page_title_fscode_edit_remove:  delete
page_link_fscode_edit_remove:   delete
page_title_fscode_settings:     Settings
page_link_fscode_settings:      Settings

# PopUps
page_title_find_applet:         Search for applets ...
page_title_find_user:           Search for users ...
page_title_find_file:           Select file ...
page_title_news_preview:        News preview
page_title_article_preview:     Article preview

# Datenbank
page_title_table_admin:         Tables
page_link_table_admin:          Tables

# Social Media
page_title_social_meta_tags:    Social Meta Tags
page_link_social_meta_tags:     Meta Tags
